Let's do some cleanup.
First, we have this elephant point.
We don't need it.
So deleting.
And then I mentioned in the previous video that we have a password to confirm.
So we put always most of the time or passwords twice to avoid any mistake between password and password
to confirm.
However, we are not doing any validation here, so I will add this validation additional and I will
introduce also the topic of exception and link on these frameworks on on string framework.
So if.
I will lose the safe way to compare objects in Java.
So object equals if my registered request.
Uh.
You may if my request password.
It doesn't match my register request buzzer to confirm.
Negation.
So if they don't match.
Uh, not much I want to throw.
A new exception.
And there is a.
Response status exception.
It's again a.
Exception in spring.
And I am going to raise this exception.
With HTP status badge request.
And I am going to add the message.
Passwords do not match.
And I will.
Close.
Here.
Okay.
So I'm adding these, uh, foundation.
Can leave the.
There's almost.
So if your passwords don't match, I raise an exception and this is the way we are in the spring MVC
framework.
We handle HDP orders.
So every time that you are somewhere and you you find a situation where you clearly see that, okay,
my request will fail.
This is the way you make it.
You raise the response that is exception.
You identify which error type you want to send and you put a message if you if you wish.
So if I run my application now.
If I go to post money, if I try to create.
A user with password a.
User is created.
If the passwords don't match.
It gets status bed requests and they get the message do not match.
Okay.
As we specify password, do not much.
The other message we get.
So this is how we handle, um, exceptions within spring.
And this is how we return error cases.
Every time that something happens.
And in this case, if I go on the database, you will see that this was, of course, raised before
anything was saved.
So if I open, I if I don't have the idiot, I have only the 87 that I created on the request below.